https://algonomy.com
Uncover 2024's HOTTEST ecommerce personalization trends & master customer engagement. Explore Now!
Commended by top Industry Analysts as a Leading Innovator in Retail
Trusted by Digital
teams across 400+ Retail and eCommerce Companies
Omnichannel Customer Marketing
Improve Customer Loyalty and Lifetime Value
Drive in-the-moment engagement, on your customers’ preferred channels, with highly contextual and hyper-personalized campaigns. Leverage constantly competing, behavioral algorithms that optimize segmentation strategies in real time.
Campaign audiences automatically built by combining marketer goals with customer behavior, affinity, and preferences using advanced algorithms.
AI that orchestrates customer journeys and activation across touchpoints with continuous experimentation and testing.
A content hub that dynamically brings together data across sources to generate holistic, contextual visual content personalized for each customer.
A data platform where 360-degree customer profiles are continuously built, augmented, enriched, and made available in real time.
Learn more
Digital Experience Personalization
Boost Engagement, Conversion Rates, and Order Values
Deliver highly personalized experiences, powered by a patented, industry leading AI decisioning platform.
Personalize the end-to-end customer experience, from search or browse, extending through the cart and checkout phases, all the way to post-purchase service.
Deliver fully customized and guided experiences that go beyond individual product recommendations, to fully personalized outfits, bundles, social proof, and other interactive experiences.
Leverage a unique personalized search platform tailored to B2C and B2B commerce use cases.
Enjoy automated catalog enrichment, powered by ChatGPT and LLM algorithms, as a significant value add to merchandisers, marketers, and analytics.
Learn more
Merchandising and Supply Chain Optimization
Take the guesswork out of your merchandising and supply chain decisions
Elevate shopper experiences, step up your inventory game, achieve profitable growth and accelerate time-to-insight with AI-powered hyperlocal optimizations, seamless automation, groundbreaking collaboration and ready-to-roll analytics.
Best-in-class demand forecasting AI platform, to power predictive decisions across the retail category planning and management
Specialized, advanced analytics and algorithms that optimize assortment planning, buying and allocation, promotions, and markdowns.
Built-for-retail AI that powers inventory and replenishment decisions, designed to optimize inventory productivity and enhance availability of SKUs across stores, locations and channels.
Unique supplier collaboration capabilities for integrated category and supply chain management with your brand and supply partners.
Business Intelligence platform built for retail scale with role-based analytics for category managers, buyers, planners, and site (eCommerce) merchants.
Learn more
Enterprise Scale. Algorithm-first Approach. Unparalleled Retail Expertise.
400+
Enterprise Brands
20
Countries
22
Technology Patents
1.2B+
Customer Events Processed Every Day
30B+
Algorithmic Decisions Made Every Day
Enjoy Rapid Time to Market
Customize your tech stack with our ecosystem of 560+ connectors across categories, including eCommerce and Marketplaces, CRM, Marketing Automation, Analytics, Social Media, and more.
Acknowledged by Industry Experts for 20+ years of Ground Breaking Retail Technology Innovations
Our Clients Love Us Here’s what they have to say
“The CDP and Customer Journey Orchestration projects were key to McDonald’s digital and data transformation journey, whereby we were able to build capabilities to drive insights-driven marketing across channels. We deeply appreciate the invaluable assistance provided by Algonomy’s analytics and campaign specialists, who have worked closely with us to develop and optimize our campaigns.”
Arvind RP
CMO, McDonald’s
+40%
Increase in omnichannel customers
33%
YoY increase in customers using McDelivery Services
44 million
Customer engagement opportunities created across 6 channels
Read Case Study
BLOG
AI-Driven Replenishment Planning: A Game-Changer for Retailers
Read More
GUIDE
The Ultimate Guide to Demand Forecasting in Grocery Retail (2023)
Read More
Previous
Next
Algonomy (previously Manthan-RichRelevance) empowers leading brands to become digital-first with the industry’s only real-time Algorithmic Decisioning platform that unifies data, decisioning, and orchestration. With industry-leading retail AI expertise connecting demand to supply with a real-time customer data platform as the foundation, Algonomy enables 1:1 omnichannel personalization, customer journey orchestration & analytics, merchandising analytics, and supplier collaboration.
PRODUCT
COMPANY 
We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. By clicking “Accept”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. Read More
Cookie Settings
Accept
